README.md, before:

# Awesome Video Channels [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)
:desktop_computer:  A curated list of online video channels for learning just about anything!

Want to contribute? Read [this](contributing.md).

## Table of contents

* [General](#general)
* [Science](#science)
  * [Astronomy and space](#astronomy-and-space)
  * [Chemistry](#chemistry)
  * [Electronics](#electronics)
  * [IT](#it)
    * [Gaming](#gaming)
  * [Math](#math)
  * [Physics](#physics)
* [Social Science](#social-science)

## General

- [Crash Course](https://www.youtube.com/user/crashcourse) (YouTube) - "Tons of awesome courses in one awesome channel! Nicole Sweeney teaches you sociology, Carrie Anne Philbin teaches you computer science, Craig Benzine teaches film history, and Mike Rugnetta is teaching mythology!"
- [CGP Grey](https://www.youtube.com/user/CGPGrey) (YouTube)
- [FloatingUniversity](https://www.youtube.com/user/FloatingUniversity) (YouTube) - "What if every student at every university, everywhere, had access to the world's greatest thinkers and leading scholars?"
- [Khan Academy](https://www.youtube.com/user/khanacademy) (YouTube) - "Our mission to provide a world-class education for anyone, anywhere."
- [TED](https://www.youtube.com/user/TEDtalksDirector) (YouTube) - "TED Talks shares the best ideas from the TED Conference with the world, for free: trusted voices and convention-breaking mavericks, icons and geniuses, all giving the talk of their lives in 18 minutes."

## Art and creativity

- [PortraitPainter](https://www.youtube.com/user/lanevski1) (YouTube) - "Trick Art Channel by Stefan Pabst. 3D Drawing and Painting in timelapse. (how to draw tutorials) pencil, oil speed paintings."

### Digital art

- [BakaArts](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCjKIPQOlTASJrIWQ9H-i5mA) (YouTube) - "Your #1 source for Photoshop tutorials."

## Science

- [Kurzgesagt – In a Nutshell](https://www.youtube.com/user/Kurzgesagt) (YouTube) - "Videos explaining things with optimistic nihilism."
- [MinuteEarth](https://www.youtube.com/user/minuteearth) (YouTube) - "Science and stories about our awesome planet!"
- [NOVA PBS](https://www.youtube.com/user/NOVAonline) (YouTube) - "NOVA is the most-watched primetime science series on television reaching an average of five million viewers weekly."
- [Sixty Symbols](https://www.youtube.com/user/sixtysymbols) (YouTube) - "Cool videos about physics and astronomy."
- [Veritasium](https://www.youtube.com/user/1veritasium/) (YouTube) - "An element of truth - videos about science, education, and anything else I find interesting."
- [Vsauce](https://www.youtube.com/user/Vsauce) (YouTube)

### Astronomy and space

- [DeepSkyVideos](https://www.youtube.com/user/DeepSkyVideos) (YouTube) - "Exploring deep space - one video at a time."
- [PBS Space Time](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7_gcs09iThXybpVgjHZ_7g) (YouTube) - "Space Time explores the outer reaches of space, the craziness of astrophysics, the possibilities of sci-fi, and anything else you can think of beyond Planet Earth with our astrophysicist host: Matthew O’Dowd."
- [SciShow Space](https://www.youtube.com/user/scishowspace) (YouTube) - "Every Tuesday and Friday, SciShow Space explores the universe a few minutes at a time."

### Chemistry

- [Periodic Videos](https://www.youtube.com/user/periodicvideos) (YouTube) - "Your ultimate channel for all things chemistry."

### Electronics

- [Louis Rossmann](https://www.youtube.com/user/rossmanngroup) (YouTube) - "I teach electronics from a common sense perspective with the goal of making repair & reuse a viable task to a larger audience. From the DIY hobbyist all the way up to large reverse logistics companies, repair chain stores, and warranty service facilities."

### IT

- [Austin Evans](https://www.youtube.com/user/duncan33303) (YouTube) - "The best of technology from gaming PCs to smartphones and everything in between. Whether it's finding out if that new gadget is worth it, discovering the coolest of retro and cutting edge tech or testing the latest smartphone you'll find it all here."
- [Google Chrome Developers](https://www.youtube.com/user/ChromeDevelopers) (YouTube) - "Making the web more awesome."
- [Computerphile](https://www.youtube.com/user/Computerphile) (YouTube) - "Videos all about computers and computer stuff. Sister channel of Numberphile."
- [DevMarketer](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6kwT7-jjZHHF1s7vCfg2CA) (YouTube) - "Learn Marketing & code."
- [LevelUpTuts](https://www.youtube.com/user/LevelUpTuts/) (YouTube) - "Become a better web developer."
- [Linus Tech Tips](https://www.youtube.com/user/LinusTechTips) (YouTube) - "We make entertaining videos about technology, including tech reviews, showcases and other content."
- [Marques Brownlee](https://www.youtube.com/user/marquesbrownlee) (YouTube) - "MKBHD: Quality Tech Videos | YouTuber | Geek | Consumer Electronics | Tech Head | Internet Personality!"
- [NCIX Tech Tips](https://www.youtube.com/user/NCIXcom) (YouTube)
- [Techquickie](https://www.youtube.com/user/Techquickie) (YouTube) - "Learn about the latest cool technology in only a couple minutes!"
- [Traversy Media](https://www.youtube.com/user/TechGuyWeb) (YouTube) - "Web development & programming tutorials."

#### Gaming

- [ExtraCredits](https://www.youtube.com/user/ExtraCreditz) (YouTube) - "Whether you're looking for a game industry career or simply curious about the way game developers think, Extra Credits makes video game design approachable by exploring concepts like gamification, perfect imbalance, the skinner box, the uncanny valley, and more."
- [The Game Theorists](https://www.youtube.com/user/MatthewPatrick13) (YouTube) - "Do you love overanalyzing video games? We cover it all from diving into the lore of FNAF, researching the tech of Halo, or picking apart the dark secrets of the Mario universe."

### Math

- [Numberphile](https://www.youtube.com/user/numberphile) (YouTube) - "Videos about numbers - it's that simple."

### Physics

- [MinutePhysics](https://www.youtube.com/user/minutephysics) (YouTube) - "Simply put: cool physics and other sweet science."

## Social Science

- [PragerU](https://www.youtube.com/user/PragerUniversity) (YouTube) - "PragerU is an online video resource promoting knowledge and clarity on life's biggest and most interesting topics. We gather some of the world's best thinkers and distill their best ideas into free, 5-minute videos on things ranging from history and economics to science and happiness. Enjoy."

# License

[![CC0](http://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/buttons/88x31/svg/cc-zero.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

To the extent possible under law, [L-Cafe](https://github.com/L-Cafe) has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this work.

Commit message:

added computer science category and 1 new channel

README.md, after:

# Awesome Video Channels [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)
:desktop_computer:  A curated list of online video channels for learning just about anything!

Want to contribute? Read [this](contributing.md).

## Table of contents

* [General](#general)
* [Science](#science)
  * [Astronomy and space](#astronomy-and-space)
  * [Chemistry](#chemistry)
  * [Electronics](#electronics)
  * [IT](#it)
    * [Computer Science](#computer-science)
    * [Gaming](#gaming)
  * [Math](#math)
  * [Physics](#physics)
* [Social Science](#social-science)

## General

- [Crash Course](https://www.youtube.com/user/crashcourse) (YouTube) - "Tons of awesome courses in one awesome channel! Nicole Sweeney teaches you sociology, Carrie Anne Philbin teaches you computer science, Craig Benzine teaches film history, and Mike Rugnetta is teaching mythology!"
- [CGP Grey](https://www.youtube.com/user/CGPGrey) (YouTube)
- [FloatingUniversity](https://www.youtube.com/user/FloatingUniversity) (YouTube) - "What if every student at every university, everywhere, had access to the world's greatest thinkers and leading scholars?"
- [Khan Academy](https://www.youtube.com/user/khanacademy) (YouTube) - "Our mission to provide a world-class education for anyone, anywhere."
- [TED](https://www.youtube.com/user/TEDtalksDirector) (YouTube) - "TED Talks shares the best ideas from the TED Conference with the world, for free: trusted voices and convention-breaking mavericks, icons and geniuses, all giving the talk of their lives in 18 minutes."

## Art and creativity

- [PortraitPainter](https://www.youtube.com/user/lanevski1) (YouTube) - "Trick Art Channel by Stefan Pabst. 3D Drawing and Painting in timelapse. (how to draw tutorials) pencil, oil speed paintings."

### Digital art

- [BakaArts](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCjKIPQOlTASJrIWQ9H-i5mA) (YouTube) - "Your #1 source for Photoshop tutorials."

## Science

- [Kurzgesagt – In a Nutshell](https://www.youtube.com/user/Kurzgesagt) (YouTube) - "Videos explaining things with optimistic nihilism."
- [MinuteEarth](https://www.youtube.com/user/minuteearth) (YouTube) - "Science and stories about our awesome planet!"
- [NOVA PBS](https://www.youtube.com/user/NOVAonline) (YouTube) - "NOVA is the most-watched primetime science series on television reaching an average of five million viewers weekly."
- [Sixty Symbols](https://www.youtube.com/user/sixtysymbols) (YouTube) - "Cool videos about physics and astronomy."
- [Veritasium](https://www.youtube.com/user/1veritasium/) (YouTube) - "An element of truth - videos about science, education, and anything else I find interesting."
- [Vsauce](https://www.youtube.com/user/Vsauce) (YouTube)

### Astronomy and space

- [DeepSkyVideos](https://www.youtube.com/user/DeepSkyVideos) (YouTube) - "Exploring deep space - one video at a time."
- [PBS Space Time](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7_gcs09iThXybpVgjHZ_7g) (YouTube) - "Space Time explores the outer reaches of space, the craziness of astrophysics, the possibilities of sci-fi, and anything else you can think of beyond Planet Earth with our astrophysicist host: Matthew O’Dowd."
- [SciShow Space](https://www.youtube.com/user/scishowspace) (YouTube) - "Every Tuesday and Friday, SciShow Space explores the universe a few minutes at a time."

### Chemistry

- [Periodic Videos](https://www.youtube.com/user/periodicvideos) (YouTube) - "Your ultimate channel for all things chemistry."

### Electronics

- [Louis Rossmann](https://www.youtube.com/user/rossmanngroup) (YouTube) - "I teach electronics from a common sense perspective with the goal of making repair & reuse a viable task to a larger audience. From the DIY hobbyist all the way up to large reverse logistics companies, repair chain stores, and warranty service facilities."

### IT

- [Austin Evans](https://www.youtube.com/user/duncan33303) (YouTube) - "The best of technology from gaming PCs to smartphones and everything in between. Whether it's finding out if that new gadget is worth it, discovering the coolest of retro and cutting edge tech or testing the latest smartphone you'll find it all here."
- [Linus Tech Tips](https://www.youtube.com/user/LinusTechTips) (YouTube) - "We make entertaining videos about technology, including tech reviews, showcases and other content."
- [Marques Brownlee](https://www.youtube.com/user/marquesbrownlee) (YouTube) - "MKBHD: Quality Tech Videos | YouTuber | Geek | Consumer Electronics | Tech Head | Internet Personality!"
- [NCIX Tech Tips](https://www.youtube.com/user/NCIXcom) (YouTube)

#### Computer Science

- [Computerphile](https://www.youtube.com/user/Computerphile) (YouTube) - "Videos all about computers and computer stuff. Sister channel of Numberphile."
- [DevMarketer](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6kwT7-jjZHHF1s7vCfg2CA) (YouTube) - "Learn Marketing & code."
- [Google Chrome Developers](https://www.youtube.com/user/ChromeDevelopers) (YouTube) - "Making the web more awesome."
- [LevelUpTuts](https://www.youtube.com/user/LevelUpTuts/) (YouTube) - "Become a better web developer."
- [Techquickie](https://www.youtube.com/user/Techquickie) (YouTube) - "Learn about the latest cool technology in only a couple minutes!"
- [Tom Scott](https://www.youtube.com/user/enyay/about) - "Hi, I'm Tom Scott. These are some of the things I've made and done. They'll probably come back to haunt me in a few years' time."
- [Traversy Media](https://www.youtube.com/user/TechGuyWeb) (YouTube) - "Web development & programming tutorials."

#### Gaming

- [ExtraCredits](https://www.youtube.com/user/ExtraCreditz) (YouTube) - "Whether you're looking for a game industry career or simply curious about the way game developers think, Extra Credits makes video game design approachable by exploring concepts like gamification, perfect imbalance, the skinner box, the uncanny valley, and more."
- [The Game Theorists](https://www.youtube.com/user/MatthewPatrick13) (YouTube) - "Do you love overanalyzing video games? We cover it all from diving into the lore of FNAF, researching the tech of Halo, or picking apart the dark secrets of the Mario universe."

### Math

- [Numberphile](https://www.youtube.com/user/numberphile) (YouTube) - "Videos about numbers - it's that simple."

### Physics

- [MinutePhysics](https://www.youtube.com/user/minutephysics) (YouTube) - "Simply put: cool physics and other sweet science."

## Social Science

- [PragerU](https://www.youtube.com/user/PragerUniversity) (YouTube) - "PragerU is an online video resource promoting knowledge and clarity on life's biggest and most interesting topics. We gather some of the world's best thinkers and distill their best ideas into free, 5-minute videos on things ranging from history and economics to science and happiness. Enjoy."

# License

[![CC0](http://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/buttons/88x31/svg/cc-zero.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

To the extent possible under law, [L-Cafe](https://github.com/L-Cafe) has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this work.
